**Competition:**

Since a search engine is the chief feature of our website, the most
overt examples of existing products that our product will have to
contend with are the most rampantly used search engines in
existence—Google, Bing, and (perhaps) Yahoo. These search engines offer
features and a user base far more advanced than the product and target
users we have in mind. Our product will be catered towards University of
Toronto instructors and students, and thus will only scour for content
with origins limited to these users. These search engines, on the other
hand, scour the entire web to present a *colossal* amount of content to
an *incredibly* massive user base. Since these search engines generate
revenue through pay-per-click advertising, they benefit from a more
extensive user base, and hence, are required to incorporate additional
features into their functionality for widespread appeal. We will,
however, take some inspiration from these products for the functionality
of our search engine.

From a holistic view, our product will largely be a file-sharing website
designated specifically for the University of Toronto. This website will
function similarly to 4Shared, which allows its user base to upload and
download a multitude of files in various formats. Once again, our
product will differ from this existing product in terms of its user
base—4Shared has a much larger use base and allows visitors to sign in
with existing social media accounts, such as Twitter, Facebook, and
Google Plus. Moreover, it permits users to upload files in multiple
different formats (beyond .pdf, HTML, and .txt), permitting videos,
photos, and even applications. In contrast to 4Shared, our product will
be more concerned with the quality of its content, rather than the
quantity of appeal.

One key characteristic that distinguishes our product from existing
products that we have named is the fact that our product’s primary goal
is to serve as an academic resource. When viewed from this light, it is
evident that our product will need to be on par with existing academic
resources used at the University of Toronto. Blackboard/Learning Portal,
Piazza, the University of Toronto library search engine, and the
library’s exam repository are some academic resources our product may
need to compete with.

Piazza and Blackboard perform similar functions—both allow course
instructors to upload documents for students to view. Blackboard even
has a course catalogue, allowing students to peruse content from
previous years. Not all instructors permit students to view content from
their past courses, however. Although this isn’t a feature we consider
an initial priority, we may eventually incorporate something of the sort
in our search engine. An additional feature Blackboard possesses (and
Piazza seemingly does not), that is similar to a feature that will be
available on our website, is allowing students to upload content. Our
website will differ from Blackboard by allowing student content (past
exams) to be visible to *all* students rather than just the instructor
for a particular course.

A significant portion of our search engine’s capability will be modeled
after the search engine used to explore the University of Toronto
library’s exam repository. The existing repository is functionally very
primitive, with students having to type up course codes, and not being
able to filter results in any meaningful way. The most advanced feature
available within this search engine is the ability for users to sort
results based on a limited number of details. Our search engine will
allow students to filter search results and will be characterized by
enhanced usability. In this regard, the search engine used on the
University of Toronto library’s website offers more advanced features,
with users being able to narrow search results by date, subject, format
etc. The content it retrieves cannot be traced to students or
instructors, and thus is not useful for the purposes our website intends
to serve.
