**Process:**

In order to initiate work on Phase 1 of this project, we took advantage
of the fact that we are all taking multiple courses together by
discussing in person, how we planned to complete this phase. During our
initial discussion, we came to the conclusion that it was ideal to set a
particular meeting time solely for work on this project. This, we felt,
was crucial in fostering a focused approach to the project alongside
other projects and the additional workload for other courses.

In addition to this, we decided early on that a Google Drive dedicated
to this project would be the easiest way to create, edit, proofread, and
backup any documentation required.

We have had two meetings in person, so far. Our initial meeting
comprised of several hours of brainstorming ideas before a consensus
(amongst the team) was reached in regards to the vision we have in mind
for the website and search engine. We also used this time to determine
how work for the documentation was going to be distributed.

Our final meeting for this particular phase allowed team-members to
revisit initial ideas, exchange feedback for work done on the
documentation, and contemplate any changes that needed to be made. We
utilized a portion of this meeting time discussing user scenarios and
finalizing the level of priority allocated to each of them. We defined
the priority of specific user stories by considering how relevant
certain user stories were in light of our key principles and what we
felt would be a core functionality of our website. User stories that
will polish or refine core features were assigned a lower priority.

Although we felt an in-person meeting was an effective and engaging way
to generate ideas, we are open to partaking in meetings online (via
group messaging) as well, especially taking into account the convenience
of team-members, time-constraints, and collaborative schedules.
