**Summary:**

The main objective of this project is to design and develop a search
engine for instructors and students at the University of Toronto
Mississauga.  The website we will be creating is centered around this
search engine, which combs through files that have been uploaded by
instructors and students.

When instructors upload files, they are also able to specify which
course this file was uploaded for, program of study, content type
(assignments, lectures, etc.), and course year. The website will also
act as a type of sharing hub for students to upload past exams in the
format of .txt, .html, or .pdf, and are able to tag these files with
course instructor, course code, program of study, and course year.

Files can be uploaded with a drag and drop system (similar to the one
available for Dropbox and 4Shared), in addition to a traditional upload
system. When a file is uploaded by a student and linked to a particular
course code, the instructor of this course gets a notification to
approve of the material uploaded. Other students or instructor can still
see this content, but it will be marked as non-reputable until the
instructor endorses it or decides to delete it (if the material isn’t
relevant). Users also have their own libraries where they can save
content from other instructors or students so they can access these
files more easily in the future. These individual libraries are also
searchable by the user who saves the content. Users will not have
individual profiles, and due to this, a user's name will redirect a user
to search for all content that the user has uploaded. The search
function allows users to search by tags, specific course codes,
instructors, and for the indexed content within the uploaded files.

One key group of users for this website are instructors teaching at the
University of Toronto Mississauga who would like to organize their
courses more easily within an intuitive environment. The other key group
of users are the students who are in these instructors’ classes. These
users want to obtain information on the courses they are currently
taking, or on courses they potentially interested in taking. These key
users will be explained in more depth within the user personas.

    The key principles for our website are heavily focused on
user-friendly design, optimal convenience for user needs, and user
accessibility. To ensure user-friendly design, we want to make the
website as intuitive as possible, and to meet this goal we will be
asking non-technical people about our website design and see if they can
navigate the website without any issues. We may adjust our design based
on feedback we receive. We will strive for optimal convenience for user
needs by asking students and instructors for suggestions—what they would
want to see on our website? How could the UI or other features of the
website be improved? Finally, for user accessibility, we’re planning on
making our website compatible with mobile devices for students and
instructors on the go.

    For our key scenarios, our main focus is on students acquiring
access to course content they wouldn’t normally have. We’re doing this
because students may be interested in courses outside of their own field
of study, and being able to see the course content may persuade them to
take these courses. Moreover, this will make it easier for students to
attain a grasp of the teaching style of certain instructors first-hand,
thus allowing them to take this factor into account when considering
whether or not they want to enrol within the course. Another main key
scenario is for instructors, who can quickly upload answers about key
questions in the course that students have, thereby ultimately
decreasing the total time professors spend on reading emails and dealing
with simple issues or trivial questions. One scenario that pertains to
both instructors and students, involves the easy distribution of key
material. The students can distribute key material in the form of past
exams, and instructors can mark certain files as being key files that
students should pay closer attention to.
